# TODO Apply Standards and make sure file name is consistent with nav

# Website Guide
- This documents aims to provide a guide for updating an maintaining the website.

# Website Link
[https://grimwald.vercel.app](https://grimwald.vercel.app)

# New Seasons
## Updating the main site for a new season
- Here are the steps for updating the website for the new season.
- First go to app/page.tsx, You will see something similar to the following code
```
   <>
   <Navbar />
   <Hero />
   <div className="parallax"></div>
   <h2 id="subtitle">Season 21</h2>
   <Timer startText="Season Started: 8th of February 2025" startTimestamp={1739031120} />
   <h2 id="subtitle">Server Lifetime</h2>
   <Timer startText="Server Started: 14th of September 2020" startTimestamp={1600095600} />
   </>
```
- Change the season number on the subtitle.
- Change the date the season started on the line below, Keep it in the same format, Then put the date and time (Which can both be found from the season start announcement) that the season started into a unix timestamp converter (Such as this [ https://www.unixtimestamp.com]( https://www.unixtimestamp.com)), Put the number it generates into the start timestamp field.
- Do not touch the bottom 2 lines these are for the server start date which will never change.
- Next you need to update the map link.
- Go to app/components/Navbar.js, Find the line like this:
```
<NavButton href="http://127.0.0.1:1234/" text="Map" />
```
- Change the url to the current map url.
- This will be the servers IP + the map webservers port, (Found in the additional ports section or in the map config)

# The Timeline
## Media guidelines
- All images should be 1920x1080 resolution. With no shaders or resource packs applied.
- You can link to videos relating to the server, resource packs or shaders are allowed.
- You can also link to modlists for modded seasons. Modlists are generated by curseforge when you export a profile you will have to add this file to the public/modlists folder and name it correctly.

## Creating a new season
- To add a new season to the timeline first go to `app/components/seasons`. Duplicate the most recent season file, changing the name of the duplicated file to reflect the season you are adding. E.g. season20 -> duplicate, rename -> season21
- Firstly there are 3 values to update in this new file:
```
export default function Season20() {
  return (
    <div className="parallaxS20">
      <div id="S20"></div>
```
- Change the function season number to reflect the season you are adding. (Season20 -> Season21)
- Do the same for the parallax class. (parallaxS20 -> parallaxS21)
- Finally do the same for the id. (S20 -> S21)

## Setting up the background
- Now we need to set up the background image and styles to make the new timeline section look right:
- Go to `app/globals.css`. Go to the very bottom of the file and then scroll up a bit until you see the comment /* Parallax stuff */
- You will see something like the following:
```
.parallaxS1,
.parallaxS2,
.parallaxS3,
.parallaxS4,
.parallaxS5,
.parallaxS6,
.parallaxS7,
.parallaxS8,
.parallaxS9,
.parallaxS10,
.parallaxS11,
.parallaxS12,
.parallaxS13,
.parallaxS14,
.parallaxS15,
.parallaxS16,
.parallaxS17,
.parallaxS18,
.parallaxS19,
.parallaxS20 {
```
- Add the parallax class of the season you are adding to this list by adding a comma after the most recent season but before the { and then writing the parallax class name.
- Scroll down a bit until you see a similar list and do the same thing.
- Finally scroll right to the bottom and copy the last 3 lines then paste them under. They should look like the following
```
.parallaxS20 {
  background-image: url("/S20Background.png");
}
```
- Once again change the class name to be that of the new season you are adding.
- Also change the name of the background-image url to reflect the new season you are adding.
- Now go into public/ and place the image you want to use for a background in here, It should be named `S<season number>Background.png` otherwise it will not work
- Now your background should work.

## Add the new section
- To see everything is working we need to add this timeline section to the timeline page go to app/pages/timeline/page.tsx
- Copy and paste an import season line updating the season number in both positions for the new season you are adding. They look like this `import Season20 from "@/app/components/seasons/season20";`
- Then do the same with the element. They look like this  `<Season20 />`
- Now your timeline is visible but will show the same content as the previous one with a new background.
## updating the content and general guidelines
- Go back to the `app/components/seasons` directory and open your new seasons file.
- Here is a view of each timeline entry you can duplicate these or remove them to add/remove more entries.
```
        <Timeline
          side="left"
          date="23rd October 2024"
          title="Season 20 Begins"
          description="Continuing our tradition of having a modded season every 4 seasons, We start season 20 with a custom modpack unfortunately we had to play on an older version due to some of the mods we were interested in not being up to date. (Mods: See list below)"
          imgSrc="" // If no img, pass an empty string or undefined
          iframeSrc="/modlists/S20Mods.html" // If no iframe, pass an empty string or undefined
        />
```
- side determines which side of the timeline the entry appears on, this should always be alternating meaning when you duplicate the file you will have to invert all left/right values.
- date, displays the date of an event, keep it in the same format, If date is completely unknown you can leave it blank, if you know the rough time you can write something like 'Early January 2025' or 'Some point during January 2025'.
- title, the title of the event, Should never be left blank
- description, a brief description of the event. Should never be left blank, Remember this can be viewed by anyone on the internet and could also encourage/discourage players to join based on the content. Try to stay away from real world controversy, We have mentioned some controversial things before such as admins being removed, arguements that happened but these were fairly trivial matters and everyones name was left out of it. Never name/shame anyone on the timeline, never name individuals in general, naming groups is ok as long as the group name is appropriate.
- imgSrc, A link to the image in public/ if there is one. Format: `/S20Ships.png` There needs to be a matching image in public/ with this name, remember the image guidelines.
- iframeSrc, A link to a video or a mod list if there is one. Format for modlist is shown above, For a video use the entire url to wherever that video is hosted E.g. YouTube.